Docs: fixes for if conditional function (#7770)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/query_language/functions/conditional_functions.md

# Conditional functions

> ## if {#if}

Reviewer: ternary operator seems to be just removed without replacement

Evaluates condition `cond` and executes `then` expression if condition is met. Executes `else` otherwise.

`if` - is a [ternary operation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ternary_operation).

**Syntax** 

```sql
SELECT if(cond, then, else)
```

**Parameters**

- `cond` – The condition for evaluation. [UInt8](https://clickhouse.yandex/docs/ru/data_types/int_uint/).

> - `then` - The expression executed if condition is met. Any [data type](https://clickhouse.yandex/docs/en/data_types/).

Reviewer 2: Incorrect. Both expressions are executed.

> - `then` - The expression executed if condition is met. Any [data type](https://clickhouse.yandex/docs/en/data_types/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `then` - The expression to return if condition is met. Any [data type](https://clickhouse.yandex/docs/en/data_types/).
```

> - `else` - The expression executed if condition is not met. Any [data type](https://clickhouse.yandex/docs/en/data_types/).

Reviewer: Not really any data type, there must be a supertype between `then` and `else` types.

> - `else` - The expression executed if condition is not met. Any [data type](https://clickhouse.yandex/docs/en/data_types/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `else` - The expression to return if condition is not met. Any [data type](https://clickhouse.yandex/docs/en/data_types/).
```

> - `else` - The expression executed if condition is not met. Any [data type](https://clickhouse.yandex/docs/en/data_types/).

Reviewer: All internal links should point to markdown files instead of pages where they are published

**Returned values**

> The function executes `then` or `else` expression and returns its result, depending on the condition `cond`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function executes `then` and `else` expressions and returns its result, depending on whether the condition `cond` ended up being zero or not.
```

> Expressions `then` and `else` can be `NULL`, any expressions or have an explicit values.

Reviewer 2: cond also can be NULL.

> Returns any [data type](https://clickhouse.yandex/docs/en/data_types/).

Reviewer 2: What?
